xde-sounds -- history of user-visible changes.  2020-05-10

Release xde-sounds-1.1 released 2020-05-10
------------------------------------------

git tag -n100 -l 1.1

1.1             Maintenance Release 1.1

    This is the second release of the xde-sounds package that provides
    desktop sounds for the XDE (X Desktop Environment). It provides the
    necessary sound themes to work with XDE tools as well as providing the
    default theme for XDE.

    This release is a maintenance release.

    Included in the release is an autoconf tarball for building the package
    from source. See the NEWS and TODO file in the release for more
    information. Please report problems to the issues list on GitHub.

git shortlog -e -n -w80,6,8 1.0...1.1

Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org> (12):
      post-release update
      handle window moves and resizes
      swap thermal-caution and thermal-hot for incredibles
      update manpage slightly
      add some battery notifications
      add batter notifications to incredibles
      remove echo from sox effects for some sounds
      add device specific events for battery and thermal
      improve a few sounds
      more sound improvements
      a few better sounds
      a few more speech tweaks


Release xde-sounds-1.0 released 2020-04-30
------------------------------------------

git tag -n100 -l 1.0

1.0             Initial Release 1.0

    This is the first release of the xde-sounds package that provides
    desktop sounds for the XDE (X Desktop Environment). It provides the
    necessary sound themes to work with XDE tools as well as providing the
    default theme for XDE.

    This release is the initial release.

    Included in the release is an autoconf tarball for building the package
    from source. See the NEWS and TODO file in the release for more
    information. Please report problems to the issues list on GitHub.

git shortlog -e -n -w80,6,8 1.0

Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org> (55):
      Initial commit
      added THANKS file
      update release files
      update release files
      update samples
      rename samples
      add voice synthesis script
      add sound data for standard and known sounds
      added new non-standard sounds
      add new sound data files
      add speech synthesis themes
      add female synthesis files
      add minor reverberation versions
      add male speech synthesis files
      add Incredibles theme
      add Incredibles sound files
      add xde sound theme sounds
      add documentation
      add new sounds and themes
      script for synthesizing voices
      update release files
      add spoken words and context
      Added InvokedBy= to sound data
      added additional custom events for tiling WMs
      add some development scripts
      handle disabling sound files during synthesis
      add new files
      add disabled sound files
      delete files that can be generated
      new speakers do ok job at these
      add ignore files
      alter for new flite speakers
      remove more generated files
      more ignore files
      build neceessary files
      update release files
      ignore temporary file
      removed unnecessary reverberation sounds
      minor spoken word corrections
      update release files
      vorbis files much smaller than WAV files
      check for and use vars for commands
      update release files
      better status message
      minor context change
      add a couple of window-manager specific sounds
      update documentation
      set up development scripts to use sox, voices and effects
      handle Hidden= attributes and .wav files
      set up to use sox, configure voices and effects
      start specifying new features (Hidden, SoxEffects, Speaker[M|F])
      update release files
      update release file
      try some different speakers with reverb
      update release files

